oh don't think I haven't tried
and they haven't dreamed obey but life
happens things happen that you don't
want to happen it's only you're stuck
fast and there's nothing you can do
about enough of your poison in my family
more than look it's how to interrupt
your cuz it'll trap I've have a dinner
with many of those of the crusty week
right hey do the truth about a sordid it
goes big on the side with a straight
life or at least is using my name is Ken
Barlow
I with the librarian I was a teacher I
was a trolley for shop
I was a taxi driver now I am a free man
call me names but attack my offspring
and I will do everything in my power to
protect them I know where the body the
Buried also you are ten father I am
father
I am the only living soul she cares
about
my name is Pam and I will see you on
Monday
Thursday and Friday mountains may
crumble rivers may run dry but I'll
always be here for I am your friend and
I made some mistake sure real owl is
especially the kid but that's life you
make mistakes and you live with the
consequences ray Langston saw hemlock
lens and never stood a chance
Mike Boren oh my
No
that I remain
I'm just a man trying to make sense of a
crazy world to a northern perspective I
will not be pushed filed stamped index
three TV tour number I am Ken Barlow and
I am the only constant in your life
you